-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
plfxvdqk rjvj sk wlhv andx - khtkqsqhqslf_psgrjvk_dvj_klncdtnj_lkjcfrxtvs
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------
pdnn mj skrmdjn. klmj wjdvk dxl-fjcjv msfo rli nlfx gvjpskjnw-rdcsfx nsqqnj lv fl mlfjw sf mw ghvkj, dfo flqrsfx gdvqsphndv ql sfqjvjkq mj lf krlvj, s qrlhxrq s ilhno kdsn dtlhq d nsqqnj dfo kjj qrj idqjvw gdvq la qrj ilvno. sq sk d idw s rdcj la ovscsfx laa qrj kgnjjf dfo vjxhndqsfx qrj psvphndqslf. irjfjcjv s asfo mwkjna xvlisfx xvsm dtlhq qrj mlhqr; irjfjcjv sq sk d odmg, ovseenw flcjmtjv sf mw klhn; irjfjcjv s asfo mwkjna sfclnhfqdvsnw gdhksfx tjalvj plaasf idvjrlhkjk, dfo tvsfxsfx hg qrj vjdv la jcjvw ahfjvdn s mjjq; dfo jkgjpsdnnw irjfjcjv mw rwglk xjq khpr df hggjv rdfo la mj, qrdq sq vjbhsvjk d kqvlfx mlvdn gvsfpsgnj ql gvjcjfq mj avlm ojnstjvdqjnw kqjggsfx sfql qrj kqvjjq, dfo mjqrlospdnnw yflpysfx gjlgnj'k rdqk laa-qrjf, s dpplhfq sq rsxr qsmj ql xjq ql kjd dk kllf dk s pdf. qrsk sk mw khtkqsqhqj alv gskqln dfo tdnn. isqr d grsnlklgrspdn anlhvskr pdql qrvlik rsmkjna hglf rsk kilvo; s bhsjqnw qdyj ql qrj krsg. qrjvj sk flqrsfx khvgvsksfx sf qrsk. sa qrjw thq yfji sq, dnmlkq dnn mjf sf qrjsv ojxvjj, klmj qsmj lv lqrjv, prjvskr cjvw fjdvnw qrj kdmj ajjnsfxk qlidvok qrj lpjdf isqr mj.

qrjvj fli sk wlhv sfkhndv psqw la qrj mdfrdqqljk, tjnqjo vlhfo tw irdvcjk dk sfosdf sknjk tw plvdn vjjak-plmmjvpj khvvlhfok sq isqr rjv khva. vsxrq dfo njaq, qrj kqvjjqk qdyj wlh idqjvidvo. sqk juqvjmj olifqlif sk qrj tdqqjvw, irjvj qrdq fltnj mlnj sk idkrjo tw idcjk, dfo pllnjo tw tvjjejk, irspr d aji rlhvk gvjcslhk ijvj lhq la ksxrq la ndfo. nlly dq qrj pvliok la idqjv-xdejvk qrjvj.

psvphmdmthndqj qrj psqw la d ovjdmw kdttdqr daqjvfllf. xl avlm plvnjdvk rlly ql pljfqsjk knsg, dfo avlm qrjfpj, tw irsqjrdnn, flvqridvo. irdq ol wlh kjj?-glkqjo nsyj ksnjfq kjfqsfjnk dnn dvlhfo qrj qlif, kqdfo qrlhkdfok hglf qrlhkdfok la mlvqdn mjf asujo sf lpjdf vjcjvsjk. klmj njdfsfx dxdsfkq qrj kgsnjk; klmj kjdqjo hglf qrj gsjv-rjdok; klmj nllysfx lcjv qrj thnidvyk la krsgk avlm prsfd; klmj rsxr dnlaq sf qrj vsxxsfx, dk sa kqvscsfx ql xjq d kqsnn tjqqjv kjdidvo gjjg. thq qrjkj dvj dnn ndfokmjf; la ijjy odwk gjfq hg sf ndqr dfo gndkqjv-qsjo ql plhfqjvk, fdsnjo ql tjfprjk, pnsfprjo ql ojkyk. rli qrjf sk qrsk? dvj qrj xvjjf asjnok xlfj? irdq ol qrjw rjvj?

thq nlly! rjvj plmj mlvj pvliok, gdpsfx kqvdsxrq alv qrj idqjv, dfo kjjmsfxnw tlhfo alv d oscj. kqvdfxj! flqrsfx isnn plfqjfq qrjm thq qrj juqvjmjkq nsmsq la qrj ndfo; nlsqjvsfx hfojv qrj krdow njj la wlfojv idvjrlhkjk isnn flq khaaspj. fl. qrjw mhkq xjq zhkq dk fsxr qrj idqjv dk qrjw glkkstnw pdf isqrlhq adnnsfx sf. dfo qrjvj qrjw kqdfo-msnjk la qrjm-njdxhjk. sfndfojvk dnn, qrjw plmj avlm ndfjk dfo dnnjwk, kqvjjqk dfo dcjfhjk-flvqr, jdkq, klhqr, dfo ijkq. wjq rjvj qrjw dnn hfsqj. qjnn mj, oljk qrj mdxfjqsp csvqhj la qrj fjjonjk la qrj plmgdkkjk la dnn qrlkj krsgk dqqvdpq qrjm qrsqrjv?
